Add Build and Buildkit Note to Configure CI/CD on Astronomer Software (#1777)
astronomer/docs: software/ci-cd.md

From there, you'll write a script that allows your service account to do the following:

- Build and tag a Docker Image
- Authenticate to a Docker Registry
- Push your image to that Docker Registry

From there, a webhook triggers an update to your Airflow Deployment using the CI/CD tool of your choice. The Astro CLI completes an authentication and push for every manual `$ astro deploy` command.

The rest of this guide describes how to create a service account and what your CI/CD script should look like based on the tool you're using.

:::info

> If you're using BuildKit with the Buildx plugin, you need to add the `-provenance=false` setting to your `config.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using BuildKit with the [Buildx plugin](https://github.com/docker/buildx), you need to add the `--provenance=false` flag to your `docker buildx build` commands.
```
I wasn't able to find reference for a Buildx config.yaml file, nor could I find the `provenance` setting in Astronomer's own `config.yaml` file. Based on the original issue, it seems like the Docker CLI might be the context that we're working with?

Author: @jwitz any suggestions as to who might be able confirm where this change should be applied?

Reviewer: I would tag back @rbankston just to double check that my read is right

Reviewer 2: looks good and the read is right

Author: @jwitz can you provide your approval so this PR can be merged? Thanks!
